Troubleshooting: Component Content is not Scrollable (#5442)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/80 Troubleshooting/45 Component Content is not Scrollable/20 Scrolling Methods Do Not Work.md

> If the component's height is not limited, the component takes all space in its parent element, and scrolling methods may not work correctly. To resolve the issue, limit the component's height. For example, set a fixed height either for the component or for one of its parent elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the component's height is not limited, the component occupies the entire space in its parent element, and scrolling methods may not work correctly. To resolve the issue, limit the component's height. For example, set a fixed height either for the component or for one of its parent elements.
```
